1. Roll Call

(Y=present, R=regrets, N=absent)

N	ATG	Jim Frost
Y	BEA Systems 	Manoj Cheenath 
R	IBM	Russell Butek
Y	IONA Technologies PLC 	Daniel Kulp 
N	Motorola 	Rahul Sharma 
N	Novell, Inc. 	Bjarne Rasmussen 
R	NTT Data Corp	Toshiyuki Kimura 
Y	Oracle	Sunil Kunisetty
N	Pramati	Rajiv Shivane
R	SAP AG 	Chavdar Baikov 
N	SeeBeyond Technology Corp. 	Ugo Corda
Y	Sonic	Glen Daniels
Y	Sosnoski Software	Dennis Sosnoski
Y	Sun	Marc Hadley
R	Sun	Roberto Chinnici
Y	Sun	Doug Kohlert
N	Tmax Soft	JaeWoong Chung
N	WebMethods Corporation 	Prasad Yendluri 

Dennis to scribe.

2. Agenda Review and AOB
   Sunil asked about DII, Marc clarified that this has been resolved
   down to async issues and is still in progress.

3. Approval of Dec 4th minutes
   Sunil pointed out minor correction to minutes, otherwise approved.

4. Action items review
   Glen still in progress on alternate proposal for dealing with
   protocol specific fault information
   Marc completed item to put Sunil proposal on agenda.
   Roberto still pending
   Russel still pending

5. FTF planning
   Action to Marc to talk to Nick about joint FTF with 209 and 222

6. Explicit vs Implicit WS-I
   Sunil presented arguments in favor of requiring explicit indication
   of WS-I compliance
   After discussion, Marc agreed that we'd add something like this to
   the text when 109 information available

7. Async API discussion
   Discussion of different layers, general agreement that we should
   isolate the user code from transport-specific issues
   Discussion of callback vs threaded handling, general agreement that
   callback handling was best but needs to have limitations pointed out
   to user (thread safety, danger of blocking, etc.)
   Discussion of typesafe vs DII-style callbacks, general agreement that
   both are needed with typesafe implementation probably building on
   DII-style
   Discussion of specific typesafe approaches, action item to Marc to
   put together example of typesafe callback implementation, Marc
   concerns about using holder to pass back data from original call
   Sunil clarified that would use holder only for async out, vs holders
   for both in and out on sync
   Marc clarified that his proposal wouldn't intersperse sync interface
   with async interface (async would extend sync interface), with user
   able to control which get generated, general agreement that this made
   sense
   Sunil clarified that his proposal handled multiple async calls,
   discussion of abstracting in/out parameter handling and how to
   preserve compatibility between generated stub and DII approaches,
   issue of whether separate methods are used for callback and poll
   methods

8. Close - meeting next week (12/18), then not until 1/8

New Action items
   Marc to put together example of typesafe callback implementation
   without holders
  
