Minutes for the JSR 224 telcon on 19 May, 2005.

1. Roll call

Marc, Rajiv, Doug, Roberto, Brian, Greg, Anish, 

2. Approval of draft minutes

https://jsr224.dev.java.net/meetings/Minutes20050512.txt - Approved
Oracle reminds the EG of the objection to the renaming decision they sent to the mailing list.

2. Agenda bashing and AOB

No other business.

3. J2SE server APIs, proposal to follow shortly.

Roberto presented the rationalle for adding the capability to publish services on J2SE.

Mustang discussion following two threads:

(i) Inclusion of JAX-WS in J2SE
(ii) Provision of HTTP server in J2SE (embed a servlet container) ?

Sun is proposing a lightweight HTTP server API, JavaDoc included in jar sent to EG. Intended as light weight server, not a replacement for servlet container.

Proposed JAX-WS API covers publishing services via an API that will support the standard lightweight API provided by Mustang but is not tied to it. Same API useable with other alternate HTTP frameworks or even other transports.

Roberto walked the EG through the endpoint.pdf document, focussing on the examples.

Greg: Has any prototyping been done ?
Roberto: Yes, we have a prototype but full metadata not yet tested.
Anish: What to do if there are two WSDLs in the metadata list ?
Roberto: JSR 181 annotation specifies the target namespace so can use that to find the correct (root) WSDL document. Provider is difficult since we can't use @WebService on it, have to deal with this in 181.next discussions.
Roberto: Have a number of property bags in the JAX-WS APIs, possible to add another to endpoint to allow use for this purpose. Note that Endpoint provides access to a Binding but it isn't a BindingProvider, BindingProvider is a client side interface.

Anish: How does one get to other parts of metadata from endpoint since url?wsdl only gives access to root WSDL.
Roberto: Not something we need to specify provided an impl provides some way to do this.
Marc: JAX-WS runtime will patch inclusions so they can be served from the endpoint.

Roberto: Suggests WG members sync up with their Mustang reps about the HTTP API.

Roberto: Will keep discussion on mailing list, want to include this in public review draft so some time pressure exists to get this more thoroughly baked. Will meet again next week.

